# Split Binary Tree

**Difficulty:** Medium

---

Write a function that takes in a Binary Tree with at least one node and checks
if that Binary Tree can be split into two Binary Trees of equal sum by removing
a single edge. If this split is possible, return the new sum of each Binary
Tree, otherwise return 0. Note that you do not need to return the edge that was
removed.

The sum of a Binary Tree is the sum of all values in that Binary Tree.

---

## Example 1:

```
Input:
       1
     /   \
    3    -2
   / \   / \
  6  -5 5   2
 /
2
```

```
Output: 6
```

**Explanation:** Remove the edge to the left of the root node, creating two
trees, each with sums of 6.

---

## Constraints:

- The input tree is a binary tree where each node has an integer value
- The tree will have at least one node
- Node values can be negative, positive, or zero

---

## Note:

Each `BinaryTree` node has an integer `value`, a `left` child node, and a
`right` child node. Children nodes can either be `BinaryTree` nodes themselves
or `None`/

## Solution

This question is a total value of of the binary tree wrapped with another
question.

we can see that we are summing up the tree, condensing values, so we can tell
that the flow of information is upwards. Also for us to be able to tell if the
edge is severed between the node we are currently on and the child we are
looking at would lead into a two trees with equal total, we would need to know
the total of the subtree rooted at the child along with the total of the rest of
the tree.

So to solve this problem we would need the following:

1. Total of the rest of the tree at any point.
2. Total of the subtree rooted at a child.

No. 2 can we done if we calculate the total in a bottom up approach and we can
find No. 1 if we know the total of the entire tree.

```python
def splitBinaryTree(tree):
    treeSum = total(tree)

    found = None
    if treeSum % 2 == 0:
        found , _ = findSplit(tree, treeSum // 2)

    return found if found else 0
    # Write your code here.

def findSplit(node, target):
    if not node:
        return None, 0

    found, left = findSplit(node.left, target)
    if found:
        return found, None

    found, right = findSplit(node.right, target)

    if found:
        return found, None

    found = left if left == target else None
    found = right if right == target else found

    return found, left + right + node.value

def total(node):
    if not node:
        return 0

    left = total(node.left)
    right = total(node.right)

    return node.value + left + right
```
