# Tournament Winner

There's an algorithms tournament taking place in which teams of programmers
compete against each other to solve algorithmic problems as fast as possible.
Teams compete in a round robin, where each team faces off against all other
teams. Only two teams compete against each other at a time, and for each
competition, one team is designated the home team, while the other team is the
away team. In each competition there's always one winner and one loser; there
are no ties. A team receives 3 points if it wins and 0 points if it loses. The
winner of the tournament is the team that receives the most amount of points.

Given an array of pairs representing the teams that have competed against each
other and an array containing the results of each competition, write a function
that returns the winner of the tournament. The input arrays are named
`competitions` and `results`, respectively. The `competitions` array has
elements in the form of `[homeTeam, awayTeam]`, where each team is a string of
at most 30 characters representing the name of the team. The `results` array
contains information about the winner of each competition corresponding to the
competitions array. Specifically, `results[i]` denotes the winner of
`competitions[i]`, where a `1` in the results array means that the home team in
the corresponding competition won and a `0` means that the away team won.

It's guaranteed that exactly one team will win the tournament and that each team
will compete against all other teams exactly once. It's also guaranteed that the
tournament will always have at least two teams.

---

## Example 1:

```
Input:
competitions = [
  ["HTML", "C#"],
  ["C#", "Python"],
  ["Python", "HTML"]
]
results = [0, 0, 1]

Output: "Python"
```

**Explanation:**

- C# beats HTML, Python beats C#, and Python beats HTML.
- HTML = 0 points
- C# = 3 points
- Python = 6 points

---

## Constraints:

- 2 <= competitions.length <= 100
- competitions[i].length == 2
- 1 <= homeTeam.length, awayTeam.length <= 30
- results.length == competitions.length
- results[i] is either 0 or

```python
def tournamentWinner(competitions, results):
    # Write your code here.
    score = dict()
    for i , [a, b] in enumerate(competitions):
        if results[i] == 0:
            score[a] = score.get(a, 0) - 1
            score[b] = score.get(b, 0) + 1
        else:
            score[a] = score.get(a, 0) + 1
            score[b] = score.get(b, 0) - 1

    maxscore = 0
    winner = None
    for k, v in score.items():
        if v > maxscore:
            winner = k
            maxscore = v

    return winner
```
