# 496. Next Greater Element I

The next greater element of some element x in an array is the first greater
element that is to the right of x in the same array.

You are given two distinct 0-indexed integer arrays nums1 and nums2, where nums1
is a subset of nums2.

For each 0 <= i < nums1.length, find the index j such that nums1[i] == nums2[j]
and determine the next greater element of nums2[j] in nums2. If there is no next
greater element, then the answer for this query is -1.

Return an array ans of length nums1.length such that ans[i] is the next greater
element as described above.

---

## Example 1:

```
Input: nums1 = [4,1,2], nums2 = [1,3,4,2]
Output: [-1,3,-1]
```

**Explanation:** The next greater element for each value of nums1 is as follows:

- 4 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. There is no next greater element, so the
  answer is -1.
- 1 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. The next greater element is 3.
- 2 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. There is no next greater element, so the
  answer is -1.

---

## Example 2:

```
Input: nums1 = [2,4], nums2 = [1,2,3,4]
Output: [3,-1]
```

**Explanation:** The next greater element for each value of nums1 is as follows:

- 2 is underlined in nums2 = [1,2,3,4]. The next greater element is 3.
- 4 is underlined in nums2 = [1,2,3,4]. There is no next greater element, so the
  answer is -1.

---

## Constraints:

- 1 <= nums1.length <= nums2.length <= 1000
- 0 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 10^4
- All integers in nums1 and nums2 are unique.
- All the integers of nums1 also appear in nums2.

## Solution

The question talks about the next largest element, this tells us that we need a
monotonic stack.

Since we want to keep track of next greater element for a particular element,
and next greater would obviously be next to it, i.e after it i.e on the right
side of it. For this reason we start traversing from teh right side and go into
the left.

**1. What question does our Monotonic Stack answer??** <br> At any given point
the head/top element of the stack represents the element that is greater then
the current element (greater becuase we are building an increasing monotonic
stack for our question). If the head of the stack is lesser we pop it till is
not, or if the stack is empty. Once we do this we can add the current element to
the stack since now either have an empty stack or have an element thats lesser
than our greater than our current element.

**2. Why do we pop elements that are smaller than our current element from the
stack?**<br> In this question we are trying to find the next greater element,
the element that we are currently on is the next element from the rest of the
array. So if our current element is greater than the element from the top of the
stack

```python
class Solution:
    def nextGreaterElement(self, nums1: List[int], nums2: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        numdict = dict()
        stack = []

        for i in range(len(nums2)-1, -1, -1):
            while stack and nums2[i] > stack[-1]:
                stack.pop()


            if stack:
                numdict[nums2[i]] = stack[-1]
            else:
                numdict[nums2[i]] = -1

            stack.append((nums2[i]))


        ans = []

        for n in nums1:
            ans.append(numdict[n])

        return ans
```
