# Merge Intervals

Given an array of intervals where `intervals[i] = [start_i, end_i]`, merge all  
overlapping intervals, and return an array of the non-overlapping intervals
that  
cover all the intervals in the input.

You may return the answer in any order.

---

**Note:**  
Intervals are non-overlapping if they have no common point. For example,  
`[1, 2]` and `[3, 4]` are non-overlapping, but `[1, 2]` and `[2, 3]` are
overlapping.

---

## Example 1

```
Input: intervals = [[1,3],[1,5],[6,7]]
Output: [[1,5],[6,7]]
```

---

## Example 2

```
Input: intervals = [[1,2],[2,3]]
Output: [[1,3]]
```

---

## Constraints

- `1 <= intervals.length <= 1000`
- `intervals[i].length == 2`
- `0 <= start <= end <= 1000`

## Solution

This question builds on top of interval overlap, merging the intervals that
overlap - this means sorting will be a step that you will have to take no matter
what method you use (eg. Line Sweep) it the input isn't already sorted. Once you
figure out the finding overlap part , the problem becomes managing the
intervals. Which is taking the start time of the first interval (assuming the
intervals are sorted based on start times) and taking the max of the end times
of overlapping interval. You can continue doing this with the new max and the
next interval till the time intervals overlap (i.e start time of i+1 interval is
before the end of the ith interval). This here is the most straight forward
solution for the problem.

**Sorting Solution**

```python
class Solution:
    def merge(self, intervals: List[List[int]]) -> List[List[int]]:
        res = [intervals[0]]
        for s, e in intervals:
            if s <= res[-1][1]:
                res[-1][1] = max(res[-1][1], e)
            else:
                res.append([s,e])

        return res
```

TODO: This is also a good place to talk about the Line sweep algorithm.
Intuitively speaking the line sweep algorithm is equivalent to drawing all the
intervals on an X-Y Axis and running a long line along X-axis. It basically tell
us at a given point how many active intervals are present. To use the party
analogy again : If you are incharge of security at a party and at any are
supposed to report number people at the party. You have a log of people entering
and leaving. you wold just increment the count everytime you see a entering time
and decrement whenever you see a leaving time on or before the time of concern.

```python
class Solution:
    def merge(self, intervals: List[List[int]]) -> List[List[int]]:

        #Line sweep
        counts = dict()
        ans = []
        for s, e in intervals:
            counts[s] = counts.get(s, 0) + 1
            counts[e] = counts.get(e, 0) - 1

        ongoing = 0
        interval = []
        for t,c in sorted(counts.items()):
            if not interval:
                interval.append(t)

            ongoing += c
            if ongoing == 0:
                interval.append(t)
                ans.append(interval)
                interval = []

        return ans

```
