# Non-overlapping Intervals

Given an array of intervals `intervals` where `intervals[i] = [start_i, end_i]`,
return the minimum number of intervals you need to remove to make the rest of
the intervals non-overlapping.

**Note:** Intervals are non-overlapping even if they have a common point. For
example, `[1, 3]` and `[2, 4]` are overlapping, but `[1, 2]` and `[2, 3]` are
non-overlapping.

---

## Example 1:

```
Input: intervals = [[1,2],[2,4],[1,4]]
Output: 1
```

**Explanation:** After `[1,4]` is removed, the rest of the intervals are
non-overlapping.

---

## Example 2:

```
Input: intervals = [[1,2],[2,4]]
Output: 0
```

---

## Constraints:

- `1 <= intervals.length <= 1000`
- `intervals[i].length == 2`
- `-50000 <= start_i < end_i <= 50000`

## Solution

Again we deal with overlap here, the questoin nowhere mentions that the interval
array is sorted. This makes sorting a essential preprocessing step.

Once sorted we can start going over the intervals. When writing loops also think
about the meaty part of the problem first. I personally face problem when
writing conditions, because I try to write a condition of a "one sword to rule
them all" type sentiment, I want to write elegant code right of the bat, which
is not easy and can throw into analysis paralysis. Its best to start with
something and then go from them to fix/update. By meaty part I mean imagineing
that your pointer is already somwhere in the array, not at the start, not at the
end. right somewhere in the middle.

Another thing you should think about is invariants. if you are

```python
class Solution:
    def eraseOverlapIntervals(self, intervals: List[List[int]]) -> int:

        intervals.sort(key = lambda x : x[0])

        last = intervals[0][1]
        res = 0
        for inter in intervals[1:]:
            if last > inter[0]:
                res += 1
                last = min(last, inter[1])
            else:
                last = inter[1]

        return res

```
